h1. Flickr API

This API will construct the appropriate Flickr REST API URL to query, and use RequestCore and SimpleXML to retrieve and parse the data (by default).

h2. Requirements

* PHP 5.2
* cURL
* SimpleXML
* "RequestCore":http://requestcore.googlecode.com

h2. Download
<pre><code>git clone git@github.com:skyzyx/flickr.git
cd flickr
git submodule init
git submodule update
</code></pre>

h2. Setup

You can rename <code>config-sample.inc.php</code> to <code>config.inc.php</code> and add your key/secret there, or you can pass your key/secret key to the constructor.

I would recommend the former over the latter if you generally only use one key/secret set.

h2. Example usage

If you want to make a request to Flickr's <code>flickr.people.findByUsername</code> method, you'd do the following. This makes a request using "RequestCore":http://github.com/skyzyx/requestcore, defaults to an XML response from Flickr, and parses it with SimpleXML.

<pre><code>$flickr = new Flickr();
$response = $flickr->people->find_by_username(array(
	'username' => 'skyzyx'
));
print_r($response);
</code></pre>

You can look through the response to see how to traverse through the data.

If you want to use a different response format, you'll also want to override the <code>parse_response()</code> method.

<pre><code>class FlickrPHP extends Flickr
{
	public function parse_response($data)
	{
		return unserialize($data);
	}
}

$flickr = new FlickrPHP();
$response = $flickr->people->find_by_username(array(
	'username' => 'skyzyx',
	'format' => 'php_serial'
));
print_r($response);
</code></pre>

This will give you working PHP data to iterate over. You can also use this override technique to switch from <code>SimpleXML</code> to <code>DOMDocument</code> or anything else you may want to use to parse the XML.

To use a different HTTP request/response class, you would override the <code>request()</code> method.

h2. License & Copyright

This code is Copyright (c) 2009, Ryan Parman. However, I'm licensing this code for others to use under the "Simplified BSD license":http://opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php.
